****
Never tell a lie
On his deathbed, a father advised his son to always speak truth.
The son promised that he would never tell a lie
One day, while going to the city through a forest, he got surrounded by some robbers.
One of them asked, "What do you have?"
The boy answered, "I have fifty rupees." 
They searched him but couldn't find anything. When they were about to go, the boy called out, "I am not telling a lie. See this fifty rupee note which I had hidden in my shirt."

The leader of the robbers felt pleased at the truthfulness of the boy, gave him hundred rupees as reward and went away.
****
The two crabs
One fine day, two Crabs came out from their home to take a stroll on the sand.
"Child, you are walking very ungracefully. You should accustom yourself to walking straight forward without twisting from side to side", said the mother crab.
"Pray, mother, do but set the example yourself, and I will follow you", said the young one.
The mother crab gets up and tries to walk forward, but she too can only walk sideways. She sheepishly apologizes lays back down in the sand.
"Examples is the best precept"
****
The crow and the pitcher
One is thirsty. It flies for a long time to find water, but it wants to find somewhere else. Tired, it perched on a tree branch to rest. He looked around and suddenly saw a vase under the tree.
When it got close, it discovered that the jar contained very little water, and it could not reach near the bottom to drink. It tried all kinds of ways to get that time to hit the water, but all its efforts failed.
Looking around, crows saw practitioners lying around nearby. Immediately, it used a beak to drop a student into the pot. Just like that, it turned against other students and continued to drop in comments.
Before long, the water rose to normal. Now it can be free to drink. So happy to see my hard work paid off. The drunken crow loves the cool and sweet cups of water and then flies to the tree to rest.
If you have any questions, feel free to comment.
